Okay, incredible, unbelievable, incredible, incredible,
Carlos
Salgado's book, unbelievable, incredible,
Carlos Salgado's book, okay, incredible that the
money earned from this book goes
to Carlos's cause, okay, so he
can see his daughter, it
seems like a lot to me, like if I
forget to put the description online
to buy the book, remind me of the
comments, okay, hit me on the head.
Well, I wanted to tell you something,
listen, let's see, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's a good thing, it's
not a bad thing, okay, a
resounding success that it's on my tweets, okay, a
resounding success, Greve's girlfriend with three
guys holds the record for powers in
tweets,
plus Aysa's world championships, thank you very much,
plus the world championship, okay, so the girlfriend's going to
start doing string this week and
Hurley, and thank you very much, welcome,
the first string was [ __ ] crazy,
okay, more than 100,000 viewers, I know, it's
welcome, I know you're all
eager to support me, okay,
thanks, Andreas, we have 3,068
members, but I don't think we
're going to get to 4,000, guys
hi javi first time I see
your live stream I'm glad victor
thank you very much it's that at 4000
to four thousand members I don't know if it's going to be
possible carla thank you very much I wouldn't do it
guys I wouldn't do it I wouldn't do it
because it's too high with the wings
foreras javi you deserve everything I was going and a
wheelbarrow 6 come on
son of a [ __ ] alvaro son of a [ __ ] gabriel
thank you very much
well let's see I'm very happy
for greg and his girlfriend there have been many
people
who have criticized semita not as if
saying that of course the merit he has
is the same thing they did they consecrate or
what merit does that have which is that she is the
girlfriend of serious let's see obviously
obviously
if I have not just any friend karl and thank you
very much now my friends from
when I was a kid people that I have
n't seen in 7 years even merino but if I
have my audience and I have my girlfriend or
my brother who wants to dedicate himself to this and
I can help him as it is that you are
logical not to be sure if you have a business you
bring in your cousin and your brother  not just
anyone of course not but your girlfriend
of course it's logical what she
says is that the money that comes into the
same house is logical guys that no no no there's no
more
it's as if you criticize people who
can pay for their studies who are
lucky enough to be born into a family with
money and people who are that life is like that
life is like that it was thank you very much
and that's it there's no more hey
then the girl will do it she will continue to be that
if she likes it okay and people will
see her like that the girl if they like the
girls if not they won't see her okay yes
people from now on no matter how much they
think they have given her the showcase but
people from now on
want to see them or don't want to see them well it
will be a question of whether the girl is liked
or not that's it there's no more there's no more
story there's no need to
mess with her if she's not
helping the
girl disrespects us she doesn't
mess with anyone or anything because people have to
mess with her
we can get into congress congress Alex
thank you very much and welcome congress and
we can get into it because because I  I
get the feeling I get the feeling that
this is to be seen with a little
mischief okay and loyarte welcome okay
to be the members if you agree
okay with what I'm going to say if not no
but it seems to me that
I added in fact it occurred to party
in fact I don't
know why I don't know why
calling me a
bastard
in fact calling me a kid can't be it
gives us the impression
that he saw the success of living
and from there he got it into his
head that the girlfriend was also a stripper he did
n't ask himself asked about this tweet
this was the second tweet remember that he put
one putting his foot in it he had to
delete it and then he put this one no but
first he put this tweet a week later that
half he didn't even have twitter it's happening to
me he didn't even have twitter he created
a twitter okay he started uploading stories
greece of the girlfriend in her switzerland grain
frenk and welcome saying the girlfriend
now I'm going to create a twitter and I'm
also going to create an instagram a
tweet and we can't recover those
stories okay they're out there if anyone
has it
bell thank you very much put me in the
comments okay  but these are things that let's
see that I'm an old man
that when when when you go it
rains
when you go I come from there and you
[ __ ] and follow me on my facebook page it's
okay to follow me on my
facebook page okay mandatory to follow me on my
facebook page and oliveira old
tasty
javier releases totally free he follows me
my rations of copies I don't know what I
don't criticize him it's his right
that I also brought out lorena here and we have
a channel together and she's ready within
her right and it seems [ __ ] great to me
of course neighbor only that it gives me the
impression that with all the years that
gres has been in the world with all the
years that they have tweeted he
wasn't on mixer it didn't occur to him
precisely now
okay I don't know maybe I'm a bad
thinker but and in question he put this
tweet which says that he is debuting
as a streamer this this youtube video
heroes of January 3rd ok
Carlos thank you very much thank you very much this this
this video of the
youtuber gossip or sixths and a welcome is from the
3rd  January ok that's exactly Eric thank you
very much welcome a couple of
days later well although with a couple of
days more or less a month after what happened to
Sara I reach member man already
thanks dubbing pay attention to her dubbing of
roosters pay attention to her because she is absolutely
right I have
left my channel to see if she likes it
no the trolley is a lot and in question there we
see in the capture of how
effectively her partner gemma grave said
half jokingly that she was going to put do
stream ag ma when she saw the success of
villena in November already already yes that
grave it's strange that she hasn't done it before it
's strange that the girl likes her with all the
years that grave and loves this
girl she has been gathering for a few
years because I remember a
friend we had in common and they were already
together she
is live in tweets this is the
truth it seems very good to me, I mean if
greve's partner wants to do live shows I
think it's great totally agree I
wish her all the success but let's remember
the tweet that the gentleman from welcome
to lavar rosada prueba put a couple of
days ago saying that if
aurum plate's girlfriend could do live shows, well
now  I was going to put Gemita to do live
streams for her Twitter channel since
Sara was putting a lot of pressure on her so
maybe she was going to have the same luck let's
see this is seen from two quite opposite points of view
the first
point of view is good serious here to
support his girlfriend saw that I still support his
partner in the same way then serious and
anyone supporting Gema not to have
new projects maybe to entertain themselves for
a while and generate a little income no
and being in another point of view which
is a little more Machiavellian but it
is also possible and it is the one that as you saw
that Asad has disgraced very well in
tweets and will literally be hitting the
live streams in the top rankings on Twitch well
now I think he also wants to take advantage of
this trend of putting
girlfriends there was one thing no there was one
thing that caught my attention no and it is that
obviously not because this is his
first live stream like I don't know
how many viewers you have an hour
more or less on average but I think it
has about 10,000 10,000 15,000 at
better I think that sometimes even 20,000 it
depends not on the subject no but
[Music]
the first live of the morbidity of seeing her on
camera and so on no what has
happened it is evidently the
first live was a bomb it was not
bad at all begin suggested that from my
perspective for something he invited her to play
mongoose with the boys yes but I
think that a little
grez convinced her more after what happened with
aurum and beijing after the
euro dividend okay what happens that of course
the morbidity called less because gemita had already
been on screen a lot she has
a few videos with grefa
okay it comes out now with the videos with him
they are direct with him more times no and
the things that sara had not had
never appeared on camera had been
seen in photos but an
aesthetic image or aesthetic aesthetics the word
static a static image of her
on video had never been seen then of
course there was a lot of morbidity in a lot of this to
see her in a video in a live no
then it was powerful well because
I would like to one day have  100,000
viewers whatever it is no but it stayed at
like 60 or 70 thousand viewers and then
what was serious about him being
live was starting to push until he
got his girlfriend to get 100,000
okay even so he didn't manage to reach the
success of your voice he will do
in his first live stream which had one hundred
and eighty thousand viewers okay
well I
think we are
in need
[Music]
this family has started to look at the
modifications to see how Carlos has subscribed to them
70,000 people
this weapon I'm going to do something that wasn't
just to make the idea not worth it for
a raid the sima whatever what he did was
send all the people from his live stream
to her live stream it
's a bit of a cheat no it's a bit of
manipulation there don't manipulate
the result a bit and then we have
him appearing there in the live stream okay
and sitting for a while with her he's like
dude let's watch this I didn't like this because
if it's her first live stream leave
her
leave her don't you think so but
anyway I'm telling you no no no it doesn't
have  Nothing wrong with it, nothing wrong with it, I
wish him all the success in the world and that he does
very well, of course, and today,
kids, if you're jealous,
throw yourself in a bowl of water and screw them,
screw them, because this is what it is. If he
already has an advantage, well,
life is like that, life is like that, it's worth it, and nothing
more, and nothing more. Carlos's book, Carlos's
book.